We highly advice you to read through the rules before engaging in roleplay on this server, as not being aware of the rules isn't a reason to break them!

General server rules
1. No Random Death Matching (Killing people without a valid reason).

2. No prop-killing, prop-spamming, prop-climbing,  prop-surfing or prop-pushing.

3. Don't break the New Life Rule. You don’t remember anything from your old life if are killed, and cannot go back to the area to which you died for at least 5 minutes, you also can't confront your killer(s) until those 5 minutes are over.

4. Both criminals and Police must declare a raid in /advert before carrying it out, and afterwards they have to do another /advert which says raid over, those two adverts may not be written in a single keybind, like this /advert raid/raid over. Other raiders can declare a counter raid to raid the same building. Timing between raids is 15 minutes per base. If one wishes to raid A different base during this timer, the raider(s) must wait 5 minutes. Same goes for counter raids.

5. Do not disrespect or argue with the admins.

6. When using a job, remember to follow instructions in the job description.

7. No dropping job specific weapons for use in other jobs. (E.G. Dropping arrest stick as a cop)

8. Police are only allowed to break into buildings if they get a warrant.

9. The Mayor is only allowed a pistol for self defence.

10. No random demoting.

11. Only Hobos and Gundealers are allowed to build on streets. Hobos can only build small shacks. Gundealers can build shops.

12. Gun Dealers must have a shop.

13. Gun Dealers can only use pistols, unless they buy weapons from another gun dealer. Self Supplying will result in a ban from Gun Dealer.

14: No Metagaming (Using information from the Out of Character chat to get an In character advantage)

15: If you are building your base or shop, put a Wire text Screen outside saying you are doing so.

16: No raiding houses or bases that have a building sign outside.

17: Do not exploit the Building sign to be unraidable, remove it as soon as you are done.

18: While you or other base member are building, you and other base member cannot raid, or place money printers.

19: While Mayor, do not call lockdowns for no reason.

20: While playing as Police or SWAT, do not team kill. Do not abuse either jobs.

21: Keypads must have the Access Granted hold length set to at-least 2 seconds.

22: Do not advertise other servers while playing on our server. Wearing tags in your name for other servers is however, is allowed.

23: Do not use clientside hacks of any kind.

24: Micspamming will result on a mute. Constant Micspamming will result is a ban.

25: Don't be a shit.

26: Don't use 1-way material on bases, the prop "storefront" is ok to use on windows.

27. Money Printers MUST be kept inside of an owned property, and NOT in public.

28. Hitmen have to /advert hit accepted when accepted and hit complete/failed when done.

29. KOS lines may not go any further than the end of the pavement towards the road, and only in front of the building owned. Not an inch more.

30. If there isn't any cops/swat or SS to protect the Mayor doing a raid/attack of some kind. Civilians of the city are allowed to defend the Mayor, as long as they /advert Mayor defense in the chat before killing anyone.

31. FailRP is enforced meaning government can't base with mobs and all of the obvious things like hobo living in a house etcetera. FearRP is not enforced.


JOB RULES

Do not abuse the provided weapons you are given within a job

Do not drop any of the weapons you are given within a class (this WILL result in a ban)

Citizen;

Police/Swat/SS; You must obey the law, do not buy/use Money Printers & Drugs while playing as a government job.

Mayor; As a mayor you’re only allowed to hold a pistol for self defence, you can not be corrupt.

Gangster; Don’t provoke other players/government to raid you.

Mob boss; Don’t provoke other players/government to raid you.

Medic; Medic’s can’t raid in any way, and may only hold a pistol for self defence.

Hobo; You may not own doors, you cannot raid / buy guns (a pistol can be given to you by another player)

Hitman; Don’t RDM and claim it was a hit, you cannot raid

Thief & Pro Thief; You must announce before breaking into a house /advert raid

Guard; Don’t stunstick abuse, you cannot raid

Blackmarket dealer; Like the gundealer you must own a shop, you can have any weapon for self defence aslong as it’s not the SVU or P90, you cannot raid.

--Donator
Ninja; The Ninja class has a special spider-man swep, you must not use it to gain access to an admin situation, doing so will result in punishment.

Dictator; Unlike the Mayor, you are allowed to be Corrupt, and have big guns. But don’t take the piss and break FailRP.

Heavy gun dealer; Like the Gun Dealer you must own a shop and may only use a pistol for self-defence, you cannot raid

Private Military Contractor; The guns you can buy in the f4 menu are for Personal Use Only! Do not buy for your clients.
